[API][Behat] Add note about behat request changes (#14443)
Sylius/Sylius: UPGRADE-API-1.12.md

- Sylius\Behat\Context\Api\Shop\PromotionContext
- Sylius\Behat\Context\Api\Shop\RegistrationContext
- Sylius\Behat\Context\Api\Shop\ShipmentContext

### Creating Request refactored

> We removed some methods from `Sylius/Behat/Client/RequestInterface`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We removed some methods from `Sylius\Behat\Client\RequestInterface`.
```
just to be consistent with the entire MD file and you can do the same with the rest of the references.

 -       string $authorizationHeader,
 -       ?string $token = null
 -   ): self;

 -   public static function create(
 -       ?string $section,
 -       string $resource,
 -       string $authorizationHeader,
 -       ?string $token = null
 -   ): self;

 -   public static function update(
 -       ?string $section,
 -       string $resource,
 -       string $id,
 -       string $authorizationHeader,
 -       ?string $token = null
 -   ): self;

 -   public static function delete(
 -       ?string $section,
 -       string $resource,
 -       string $id,
 -       string $authorizationHeader,
 -       ?string $token = null
 -   ): self;

 -   public static function transition(?string $section, string $resource, string $id, string $transition): self;

 -   public static function customItemAction(?string $section, string $resource, string $id, string $type, string $action): self;

 -   public static function upload(
 -       ?string $section,
 -       string $resource,
 -       string $authorizationHeader,
 -       ?string $token = null
 -   ): self;

 -   public static function custom(string $url, string $method, array $additionalHeaders = [], ?string $token = null): self;
 ```

> All of them have been moved to new `Sylius/Behat/Client/RequestFactory` class.

Reviewer: It's not literally true as these methods are no more static.
```suggestion
All of them have their corresponding implementation in `Sylius/Behat/Client/RequestFactory`.
```
or something like that and I would be for moving this sentence right behind:
>  We removed some methods from `Sylius/Behat/Client/RequestInterface`.

#### Changes in ApiPlatformClient

Followed by this change the constructor of `Sylius/Behat/Client/ApiPlatformClient` also changed:

 ```diff
     public function __construct(
            private AbstractBrowser $client,
            private SharedStorageInterface $sharedStorage,
 +          private RequestFactoryInterface $requestFactory,
            ...
        ) {
        }
 ```

Now we are calling method by parameter `$this->requestFactory` instead of calling `Request` class itself.
You can see the difference of usage below:

 ```diff
     public function index(string $resource): Response
    {
 -      $this->request = Request::index($this->section, $resource, $this->authorizationHeader, $this->getToken());
 +      $this->request = $this->requestFactory->index($this->section, $resource, $this->authorizationHeader, $this->getToken());

        return $this->request($this->request);
    }
 ```

> The `public function buildUploadRequest(string $resource): void;` method has been removed, as it's replaced by methods in `Sylius/Behat/Client/RequestBuilder`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `\Sylius\Behat\Client\ApiClientInterface::buildUploadRequest` method has been removed, as it's replaced by methods in `Sylius/Behat/Client/RequestBuilder`.
```
WDYT? Then there won't be any doubts about where the method was placed.

 ```diff
 -       $this->client->buildUploadRequest(Resources::AVATAR_IMAGES);
 -       $this->client->addParameter('owner', $this->iriConverter->getIriFromItem($administrator));
 -       $this->client->addFile('file', new UploadedFile($this->minkParameters['files_path'] . $avatar, basename($avatar)));
 -       $response = $this->client->upload();
        
 +       $builder = RequestBuilder::create(
 +           sprintf('/api/v2/%s/%s', 'admin', Resources::AVATAR_IMAGES),
 +           Request::METHOD_POST,
 +       );
 +       $builder->withHeader('CONTENT_TYPE', 'multipart/form-data');
 +       $builder->withHeader('HTTP_ACCEPT', 'application/ld+json');
 +       $builder->withHeader('HTTP_Authorization', 'Bearer ' . $this->sharedStorage->get('token'));
 +       $builder->withParameter('owner', $this->iriConverter->getIriFromItem($administrator));
 +       $builder->withFile('file', new UploadedFile($this->minkParameters['files_path'] . $avatar, basename($avatar)));

 +       $response = $this->client->request($builder->build());
 ```

As you can see the builder contains the methods that makes the request responsive for additional headers and parameters.

> We also changed the `request(RequestInterface $request): Response` method visibility to public.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We also changed the `\Sylius\Behat\Client\ApiClientInterface::request` method visibility to public.
```

 ```diff
 -    private function request(RequestInterface $request): Response
 +    public function request(RequestInterface $request): Response
 ```

#### Defining ContentType changed

> `Sylius/Behat/Client/ContentTypeGuide` is an extended alternative for `resolveHttpRequest()` method.

Reviewer: What `resolveHttpRequest()` is? I cannot find it anywhere 😕

Author: My bad, wrong name - should be resolveHttpMethod() instead 😅

When we pass the proper `HttpRequest` method inside of the new `public function guide(string $method)` method it returns appropriate json content type:

 ```
     public function guide(string $method): string
    {
        if ($method === HttpRequest::METHOD_PATCH) {
            return self::PATCH_CONTENT_TYPE;
        }

        if ($method === HttpRequest::METHOD_PUT) {

>             return self::LINKED_DATA_JSON_CONTENT_TYPE;

Reviewer: Not related to this PR but I don't get why we use JSON-LD only for PUT methods 🤔

 -       ?string $token = null
 -   ): self;

 -   public static function custom(string $url, string $method, array $additionalHeaders = [], ?string $token = null): self;
 ```

All of them have been moved to new `Sylius/Behat/Client/RequestFactory` class.

#### Changes in ApiPlatformClient

Followed by this change the constructor of `Sylius/Behat/Client/ApiPlatformClient` also changed:

 ```diff
     public function __construct(
            private AbstractBrowser $client,
            private SharedStorageInterface $sharedStorage,
 +          private RequestFactoryInterface $requestFactory,
            ...
        ) {
        }
 ```

Now we are calling method by parameter `$this->requestFactory` instead of calling `Request` class itself.
You can see the difference of usage below:

 ```diff
     public function index(string $resource): Response
    {
 -      $this->request = Request::index($this->section, $resource, $this->authorizationHeader, $this->getToken());
 +      $this->request = $this->requestFactory->index($this->section, $resource, $this->authorizationHeader, $this->getToken());

        return $this->request($this->request);
    }
 ```

> The `public function buildUploadRequest(string $resource): void;` method has been removed, as it's replaced by methods in  `Sylius/Behat/Client/RequestBuilder`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `public function buildUploadRequest(string $resource): void;` method has been removed, as it's replaced by methods in `Sylius/Behat/Client/RequestBuilder`.
```

 +           sprintf('/api/v2/%s/%s', 'admin', Resources::AVATAR_IMAGES),
 +           Request::METHOD_POST,
 +       );
 +       $builder->withHeader('CONTENT_TYPE', 'multipart/form-data');
 +       $builder->withHeader('HTTP_ACCEPT', 'application/ld+json');
 +       $builder->withHeader('HTTP_Authorization', 'Bearer ' . $this->sharedStorage->get('token'));
 +       $builder->withParameter('owner', $this->iriConverter->getIriFromItem($administrator));
 +       $builder->withFile('file', new UploadedFile($this->minkParameters['files_path'] . $avatar, basename($avatar)));

 +       $response = $this->client->request($builder->build());
 ```

As you can see the builder contains the methods that makes the request responsive for additional headers and parameters.

We also changed the `request(RequestInterface $request): Response` method visibility to public.

 ```diff
 -    private function request(RequestInterface $request): Response
 +    public function request(RequestInterface $request): Response
 ```

#### Defining Section and ContentType changed  

Some of the private methods were removed from `Sylius/Behat/Client/RequestInterface`:

 ```diff

>  -    private static function prepareSection(?string $section): string

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 -   private static function prepareSection(?string $section): string
```

> Some of the private methods were removed from `Sylius/Behat/Client/RequestInterface`:
> 
>  ```diff
>  -    private static function prepareSection(?string $section): string
>  -   {
>  -       if ($section === null) {
>  -           return '';
>  -       }
>  -
>  -       return $section . '/';
>  -   }
> 
>  -   private static function resolveHttpMethod(string $method): string
>  -   {
>  -       return $method === HttpRequest::METHOD_PATCH ? 'application/merge-patch+json' : 'application/json';
>  -   }
>  ```
> 
> The `prepareSection()` method is no more needed as we changed the way of injecting `$section` parameter, so adding `/` is no more needed.
> 
>  ```diff
>  -        return new self(
>  -           sprintf('/api/v2/%s%s', self::prepareSection($section), $resource),
>  -           HttpRequest::METHOD_GET,
>  -           $headers
>  -       );
>         
>  +       $builder = RequestBuilder::create(
>  +           sprintf('/api/v2/%s/%s', $section, $resource),
>  +           HttpRequest::METHOD_GET,
>  +       );
>  ```

Reviewer 2: To simplify the note, I would be for removing this information as it is about private methods, that shouldn't change anything in the end application:
```suggestion
```
